---
templateKey: exhibition-page
title: Neal Page Exhibition
image: /img/npwide1.jpg
mainpitch:
  title: Art Exhibition
  description: >
    Art will be added to this page soon... dev working shouldn't just taste
    good, it should do good too. We source all of our beans directly from small
    scale sustainable farmers and make sure part of the profits are reinvested
    in their communities.
exhibition1:
  title: exhibition 1 name
  visible: true
  description: >
    desc 1 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Accusamus
    minus nobis quam, ut cumque tenetur facilis laborum tempore fugit quaerat
    quasi, odio expedita voluptates repudiandae provident molestiae sapiente
    totam veritatis? Qui, repellat fuga aut sunt dolor sit hic numquam
    assumenda.
  img1visible: true
  img2visible: true
  img3visible: true
  img4visible: false
  img5visible: false
ex1_img1: /img/npwide1.jpg
ex1_img2: /img/npwide2.jpg
ex1_img3: /img/npwide1.jpg
ex1_img4: /img/npwide2.jpg
ex1_img5: /img/npwide1.jpg
exhibition2:
  title: exhibition 2 name
  visible: false
  description: >
    desc 2 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Accusamus
    minus nobis quam, ut cumque tenetur facilis laborum tempore fugit quaerat
    quasi, odio expedita voluptates repudiandae provident molestiae sapiente
    totam veritatis? Qui, repellat fuga aut sunt dolor sit hic numquam
    assumenda.
  img1visible: true
  img2visible: true
  img3visible: true
  img4visible: true
  img5visible: true
ex2_img1: /img/npwide2.jpg
ex2_img2: /img/npwide2.jpg
ex2_img3: /img/npwide2.jpg
ex2_img4: /img/npwide2.jpg
ex2_img5: /img/npwide2.jpg
exhibition3:
  title: exhibition 3 name
  visible: false
  description: >
    desc 3 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Accusamus
    minus nobis quam, ut cumque tenetur facilis laborum tempore fugit quaerat
    quasi, odio expedita voluptates repudiandae provident molestiae sapiente
    totam veritatis? Qui, repellat fuga aut sunt dolor sit hic numquam
    assumenda.
  img1visible: true
  img2visible: true
  img3visible: true
  img4visible: true
  img5visible: true
ex3_img1: /img/npwide1.jpg
ex3_img2: /img/npwide1.jpg
ex3_img3: /img/npwide1.jpg
ex3_img4: /img/npwide1.jpg
ex3_img5: /img/npwide1.jpg
---
